Cracking the Password
Now that we have the password hash,
we will need to crack it to
get the plaintext password.
Instead of running a brute force attack,
we use the “rockyou” wordlist,
which is included in Kali Linux.
Before we continue, let’s create a file
containing the password hash…
…and attempt to crack the password
with John the Ripper.
We will use the –wordlist option
along with the path to our wordlist,
and provide the filename
that contains the password hash.
It appears that John the Ripper has cracked the password.
Let’s try to log in to the
web application with this password.
We’ll browse the default
WordPress login page at /wp-admin…
and attempt to log in
as the wp_ajla_admin user
with the password we discovered.
The credentials worked.
We're presented with
the admin dashboard.
Now that we are logged in,
we can continue our enumeration
to discover our next attack vector.